Arin(M) + Lissa(F), in home
Foret(M), sitting (preferable outside)

Oriana(F), Outside her ruined home
Sarah(F), Walking around 
Richie(M), Walking around


When Talking To Oriana, Oriana should either come up to Warren or be pacing.

Oriana:Oh thank goodness! A guard! I wasn’t sure they would send anyone.
Warren:What happened here? Are you alright?
Oriana:I’m fine it’s my husband he… he…
Warren:Just start from the beginning.
Oriana:In the middle of the night I heard an odd stirring sound outside my window. 
Oriana:I went outside to look and I saw someone standing out there in the trees.
Barcio:Did you catch this gentleman’s face?
Oriana:No… It was too dark to catch any features.
Warren:It’s alright, then what happened?
Oriana:As soon as he saw I had noticed him he started running off into the woods.
Warren:Did you see where he went?
Oriana:I followed him for a bit, but I lost him in the deep woods
Oriana:And just when he got out of sight… it… it came crashing through over there… I heard it.
Oriana:It… It grabbed my husband… I could hear him trying to fight it off… It just took him!
Oriana:By the time I was back at my house he was gone.
Barcio:What was it?
Oriana:It… It was horrible. I had never seen anything like it… half spider half human. I… You need to save him!
Barcio:I see… and how dark was it here last night? 
Barcio:Are you certain tha…
Oriana:I KNOW WHAT I SAW!!! 
Oriana:It was a monster! 
Barcio:So it was too dark to see the peculiar man’s face, yet bright enough to catch the details of the monster?
Oriana:I knew no one would believe me, why would I make this up?
Warren:Calm down, I assure you that whatever it was we can handle this.
Oriana:Please… bring him home.
Barcio:Ma’am, are you aware how ridiculous this sounds?
Barcio:This time of year the spiders of the woods tend to get a bit aggressive but they aren’t likely to do such a thing.
Oriana:Please listen to me, this wasn’t just a forest spider.
Oriana:I’ve lived here my whole life, I know what those things look like…
Warren:We will definitely take a look.
Oriana:Be careful… It was big

After stepping away from Oriana
Barcio:Her story is quite peculiar, are we really to believe such a tall tale.
Warren:With all do respect Barcio, 
Warren:I don’t think you are in a position to criticize people for tall tales.
Barcio:What is that supposed to mean?
Warren:The legends your always taking about have some monsters in them as well.
Warren:At any rate, Our goal should be making the people feel safe and I don’t think your the best at giving that impression
Barcio:…

WhenTalkingToForet
Foret:You there, you are the Captain aren’t you? And you, you’re head of the mages?
Foret:If they sent both of you we really are in trouble…
Warren:Did you see anything of interest?
Foret:No but, my wife and daughter… they went out in the woods yesterday and they still aren’t back. 
Foret:I don’t know what happened but everyone here is pretty shaken up.
Foret:I would look for them but one of those spiders attacked me a while back and I can’t walk well enough… 
Foret:Please, they headed where that thing was seen
Warren:I’ll find them.
Foret:Thank you. Please, hurry…

AfterSpeakingToBoth
Barcio:I was unaware there were disappearances in the briefing from the king. Perhaps something much more dangerous is afoot, I suggest we proceed carefully young Captain.

BeforeHeadingIntoTheForest
Barcio:These woods can be quite confusing, they house an ancient magic deep within. We should watch our step in there.

NPCs in town
Arin:I hope those people are alright,
Arin:I don’t know what exactly was going on, but all the commotion woke me up in the middle of the night.
Lisa:They say we really shouldn’t wonder too deep into the woods.
Lisa:Just it’s just a rumor though, I see people come in and out of there all the time.
Sarah:Oh dear, Foret isn’t one to show it but I know he is worried sick.
Sarah:Oriana is a nervous wreck too…
Richie:Oh man, it feels like the village was turned upside down.




