Before Mini Boss
Barcio:This one seems quite troublesome, Brace yourself young captain.

During Boss Fight, Hooded Figure appears
???:Seems like you are going to need a little help
Barcio:What in the!?… Who are you?
???:A friend

Hooded figure is not controlled by the party and helps by casting fire magic

After the fight
Barcio:Warren! Arrest this person now.
Warren:What are you talking about? 
Warren:They just helped us out
Barcio:Black magic is still outlawed and you are a witness to this masked criminals act.
???:Criminal!? You would be spider food if I did nothing and I don’t want a couple of idiots deaths on my hands
Barcio:I bet that this is our mysterious man that woman saw outside her house before the attack!
???:Geez, You’re just full of misinformation aren’t you old timer.

Lamoria removes her hood

Lamoria:The name is Lamoria, got it? And considering that I just helped you weakling out, I believe a ‘Thank you’ is in order.
Barcio:Wait one second… I know you, You’re the Order of the Opaque leader!
Barcio:That is it. Warren get her now.
Warren:She doesn’t seem to be too much trouble.
Barcio:But she broke the law and…
Warren:And she saved us, so why don’t we let this one slide for now.
Barcio:You are making a big mistake she is a delinquent…
Lamoria:I’m still here…
Warren:Then I suppose it’s my mistake to make.
Warren:Now, Just what are you doing out here?
Lamoria:Well, nice to see you decided to have some respect for your rescuer.
Lamoria:I heard that the spiders here were acting up so I wanted to find out why and see if I could help.
Warren:That’s some curiosity. 
Barcio:And such altruism…
Lamoria:Well that’s me, 
Lamoria:I here about danger and I go head first into the woods to see if some old geyser and an inexperienced guard need any help cause they’re in way over their heads
Warren:Well then, now who isn’t showing any respect?
Lamoria:Well I don’t exactly have the best experience with guards what with the trying to arrest me and all.
Warren:Well, I won’t arrest you. But you should come with us, it’s only gonna get worse as we approach the heart of this place.
Barcio:Are you encouraging her to perform those sorry excuses for spells again!? 
Lamoria:Well I didn’t see your magic doing much.
Warren:Both of you calm down, I think our chances would be best if we proceeded by helping each other would you agree?
Barcio:…I suppose…
Warren:And you?
Lamoria:I guess we could help each other for now, you aren’t half bad with that old blade.


Closer to the middle
Barcio:I don’t believe man has stepped foot in this part of the woods for centuries.
Barcio:According to legend…
Lamoria:Oh of course there is a legend to this place, and that patch of grass and those rocks were where the great sage took a piss. And that tree was where the…
Warren:Lamoria…
Lamoria:Sorry…
Barcio:As I was saying.
Barcio:A great evil was supposedly imprisoned here long ago
Warren:I don’t think we’ll find a prison cell up ahead. Any idea where exactly this ‘evil’ was trapped?
Barcio:The texts are a tad vague.
Lamoria:A TAD!? The book says that the ‘prison’ is surrounded by trees. And look at this place!
Barcio:So you do know a thing or two about the tomes?
Lamoria:When I go to a site like this I try to do my research…
Warren:What are the chances that this ‘evil’ whatever it is, is our ‘monster’?
Barcio:Imposible
Barcio:The Sage’s magic shouldn’t be able to be broken.
Lamoria:I’m with beardo on this one, if those legends are clear on anything it’s that we should be safe from what, if anything, is there.
Barcio:Although… perhaps we should head back and report to the king.
Warren:No, people could be in danger. We need to handle this situation now.
Lamoria:Im with you, like I said I can’t have people’s deaths be on my hands.
Barcio:I suppose you’re right.

